A new release of the `Mahogany' e-Mail and News client has been made.
===================================================================== 

Binaries and source for a variety of Linux and Unix systems are
available at http://mahogany.sourceforge.net/ and
http://sourceforge.net/projects/mahogany/ 


In this message:

1. Announcing Mahogany Version 0.60
2. Changes against the previous release

Announcing Mahogany Version 0.60 
===================================================================== 

Mahogany is an OpenSource(TM) cross-platform mail and news client. It
is available for X11/Unix and MS Windows platforms, supporting a wide
range of protocols and standards, including POP3, IMAP and full MIME
support as well as secure communicaionts via SSL.  Thanks to its
built-in Python interpreter it can be extended far beyond its original
functionality.

Mahogany's wealth of features and ease of use make it one of the most
powerful clients available, providing a consistent and intuitive
interface across all supported platforms.

It aims at supporting GNOME (and KDE for that matter) and includes an
extendable address book system supporting hierarchical organisation of
entries, group aliases, searching the database and easy editing, with
support for other program`s address database formats. Currently
Mahogany`s native format, (X)Emacs` BBDB address books and PalmOS
address books are supported.

Mahogany is being developed using the OpenSource wxWindows application
framework, building on the GTK+ toolkit on Unix.

Mahogany is constantly being tested on a variety of Linux system,
Solaris-sparc and MS Windows. It should compile and work on any major
Unix platform.

CHANGES AGAINST RELEASE 0.50 / UPDATE :
===================================================================== 

Key changes are:

 - fixes to all serious bugs from version 0.50
 - new, improved filtering system replacing the broken filtering
   in 0.50
 - supporting multiple-identities and easy switching between them
 - import of settings and folders from Pine and XFMail
 - more verbose error reporting and detection
 - OpenSSL loaded dynamically if available
 - charset and encoding support for message contents and headers
 - speed improvements, IMAP server-side copying and searching
 - PalmOS module supports AvantGo/MAL synchronisation

 - various other fixes

Next, we hope to tackle the following:
   - full HTML message editing/displaying (almost complete)
   - better POP support by using persistent message IDs and flags
   - multi-threading to allow network operations to happen in
     background
   - full drag and drop interaction with filemanagers and between folders
   - PGP/GPG support

Please direct any queries to mahogany-developers@lists.sourceforge.net

Known bugs:
-----------
There are always some, listed on our bugtracker at
http://www.wxwindows.org/m-bugs/ and we are working on them.

Version 0.60 suffers from a minor printing bug leading to some overlap 
between strings sometimes, which is due to a bug in wxWindows which
will hopefully be fixed fairly soon.

--
 Karsten Ballüder  http://Ballueder.home.dhs.org/  mailto:karste-@phy.hw.ac.uk
 Physics Department, Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, EH14 4AS, Scotland
                     Tel. +44-(0)-131-4513068  Fax. +44-(0)-131-4513136
            "In a world without fences, who needs Gates?"  
